pleasant factory and in power they promise
Compound Payments York
I would like to tell you right
motorists of america
who needs it how much is there
and generally how it is
driver of a car
man will work
such a
from work people live a lot just like
unemployed that is a lot has changed
car can take
practically a child
since 14 years in some cities
other sixteen can get right
process 18 tees
new cars starts
probably
most
in the base year
let's say 12 thousand ti can take what
sometime Korean kia
camp and on the eve of the canute in Moscow
Packages times different we have can
skin can be air-conditioned yet
there are cars under the air conditioner
on the new ford focus illuminating saw
bribes need to twist the handle
just fasting glass and passenger
and
and driver's
so I even this moment ooo stargrad
Kirov further already
depending on the budget if a person
can go afford a more expensive car
and if not even
little car is not necessary to buy
for cash, you can take the car as in
loan and into the forest
visas
this is such an american system
very popular
among those who have no money nobody needs
car loans
they enclose lenses
with a doctor
talk for three years
pay the minimum cost but there
calculating the sun
in Ottawa counts on how much
car lose three years later this
percentage breaks
To the market
we have 36 months
and from this comes the sum the sum of this
but is there
closer to the loan here for example I'll tell you
how much will be built
price if you take some mazda6
Mazda6 car is not popular in America
I think
will soon be 200 dollars a month
to go three years on mazda 6
so if now it can go into the gap
salon mazda
on the same day they give you new cars
which do you want
Now it’s considered tennis
such infiniti can take
in the simplest configuration with them
can be called bundles simple
dollars so for 400
if the cash advance money sensors go ahead that is
pay taxes
we need to
extra for sale
and forgot to pay deeds
local traffic police
to get new numbers
parking is the pagge of new york
parking is very expensive
motorists in the city and visitors
just a worker who works on
workers get the machine
penalties for wrong
parking lot
fine pupils got what
signs
there is a huge amount in the city
many hard to read especially those who are from
other cities came new york
they are hard to understand how to put the car was
very popular
I think to wear
popular today too
buying cars at global risks and
go from overseas to europe
former CIS countries are very sorry that
Russia
this is an opportunity to make us
true Russian state is
opportunity cut floors raising porsche
customs duty
so how early
american car with lazio
big dipper real volume is very
big ones
have more cars in america nothing
cost and you will pay exactly so much
If you have
engine 1 6 l
5 and 6 you will pay the same
no matter how much
respect gasoline lives
cars driven from overseas
Often bought at auction
nobody knows about the history of the car
until they take nobody knows how much she has
was the hosts
the car practically does not look
Americans are very just about
my car
for them it's just a means
movement that has four wheels
which need to be refilled
and especially smart know what else i need to change
butter
the percentage of the majority simply do not change
they hope that the cars will be sold soon
Well, in my favorite car cars
remains unian car factory rate
you
very sorry that I can not on it
and move around in the city of brooklyn city
NY
would call to consider that all of Eurasia
this
usd